This *Acceptable Use Policy* (Version:1.0) (“_AUP_”) is a set of rules
that apply to the use of any product or service (“Services”) provided by
Hubject GmbH (“_Hubject_”, “_We_” or “_Us_”) or its affiliates to any
organization (“_Partner_” or “_You_”).

This AUP applies but is not limited to the Hubject Brokering System
(“_Platform_” or “_HBS_”).

Partners are responsible for the behavior of any user (“_End User_”) of
any software application or service that interfaces with the Services
and is made available by the Partner.

We may update this AUP from time to time upon reasonable notice. We will
provide the updated AUP to You via an account notification in the HBS
Partner Portal (web application used by our partners to administrate
their contracts and HBS settings), e-mail, or by posting an updated
version of this AUP in GitHub.

*Respect usage limits*

Usage limits ensure the stability and performance of the Platform for
all our Partners. You must design Your application to respect the
per-user and per-app API request limits. If You think You are likely to
exceed the usage limits, please first read our “Rate limits” section
below and contact our support team for further information.

*Do not crawl the API*

You are not allowed to crawl the API. Any activity resembling crawling
activity will be monitored, investigated, and could lead to API access
being suspended or revoked.

*Innovate, do not duplicate*

You must not create a substitute for the Platform or use this API to create, train, or improve (directly or indirectly) a similar or
competing product or service.

*Use API for its intended purposes* 
You must use the API for its intended purposes. Do not call the API endpoints solely to discover if
the Platform is still working. The Platform is consistently monitored
and Hubject will inform You in case of incidents.

*Prohibited activities*

You must not use the Services to engage in or encourage any activity
that is illegal, deceptive, harmful, violating others’ rights, or
harmful to Hubject’s business operations or reputation, including but
not limited to: 

* Violations of laws. Violating laws, regulations, governmental orders,
or industry standards or guidance in any applicable jurisdiction
(collectively, “_Applicable Laws_”). This includes violating Applicable
Laws requiring (a) consent be obtained prior to transmitting, recording,
collecting, or monitoring data or communications or (b) compliance with
opt-out requests for any data or communications.
* Interference with the Services. Interfering with or otherwise
negatively impacting any aspect of the Services or any third-party
networks that are linked to the Services.
* Reverse Engineering. Reverse engineering, copying, disassembling, or
decompiling the Services.
* Falsification of identity or origin. Creating a false identity or any
attempt to mislead others as to the identity of the sender or the origin
of any data or communications.

*Service integrity violations*

You must not violate the integrity of the Services, including but not
limited to: 

* Bypassing service limitations. Attempting to bypass, exploit, defeat,
or disable limitations or restrictions placed by Hubject on the
Services. 
* Exploiting security vulnerabilities. Finding security vulnerabilities
to exploit the Services or attempting to bypass any security mechanism
or filtering capabilities. Should you identify a potential security risk
associated with the Services, please inform our support team
immediately.
* Disabling the Services. Any denial of service (DoS) attack on the
Services or any other conduct that attempts to disrupt, disable, or
overload the Services.
* Using harmful code or bots. Transmitting code, files, scripts, agents,
or programs intended to do harm, including viruses or malware, or using
automated means, such as bots, to gain access to or use the Services. 
* Gaining unauthorized access. Attempting to gain unauthorized access to
Hubject Services.

*Load and security tests*

Load tests and/or security scans must *not* be performed on the PROD
(production/live) environment of the Platform. You must not perform
tests and/or security scans on Hubject's QA environment without
Hubject's approval. You may request approval through Hubject's support
team. We reserve the right to deny such tests.

Hubject also reserves the right to enact security measures to ensure the
stability of the Platform, e.g., temporarily or permanently restricting
Partner's access to the Platform.

(Failure to coordinate these types of tests in advance will cause
Hubject to treat these tests as malicious, automatically triggering
security measures which can cause service interruptions to Your
production systems. )

== *Rate limits*

Everyday many partners of Hubject make calls to the Platform. To help
manage the sheer volume of these calls, Hubject limits the number of
calls Partners can make in a specific time frame. These limits help Us
to provide the reliable and scalable API that our Partner community
relies on. 

We may reduce limits to prevent abuse or increase limits to enable
high-traffic applications. To request an increased rate limit,
please contact Your Hubject Account Manager 6 weeks in advance of when
you’ll need the increased rate limit and be aware that there might be
additional costs for an increase. Hubject reserves the right to deny
limit increases.

*Common causes and mitigations*

Rate limiting can occur under a variety of conditions, but it is most
common in these scenarios:

* Running a large volume of requests in a short time frame (see specific
limits for each API call type below) can lead to rate limiting. Often
this is part of an analytical or migration operation. When engaging in
these activities, You should try to control the request rate on the Your
side (see Handling limiting gracefully).
* A sudden increase in request volume such as bulk processing of
requests after a temporary downtime of Your system might also result in
rate limiting. We try to set our rates high enough so that the vast
majority of Partners are never rate limited for legitimate traffic, but
if You suspect that an upcoming event might push You over the limits
listed below, please contact Your Account Manager.

*Handling limiting gracefully*

A basic technique for integrations to gracefully handle limiting is to
Your system to monitor 429 http status codes and build in a retry
mechanism. The retry mechanism should follow an exponential backoff
schedule to reduce request volume when necessary. We also recommend
building some randomness into the backoff schedule to avoid a
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Thundering_herd_problem[thundering herd
effect].

You can only optimize individual requests to a limited degree, so an
even more sophisticated approach would be to control traffic to Hubject
the Platform at a global level and throttle it back if You detect
substantial rate limiting.

Each of Our APIs use rate limits at different levels. To learn more
about these differences between call types, please review the specific
rate limit pages within the specific API sections:


.*Limits per eRoaming operation (call type)*

|===
|eRoaming operation / Call type | Number of call per minute allowed

|PullEVSEStatusByID
>|300

|PullEVSEStatusByOperatorID
>|75

|PullEVSEStatus
>|6

|PullEVSEData
>|100

|PushEVSEStatus
>|2000

|PushEVSEData
>|375

|AuthorizationStart
>|200

|AuthorizationStop
>|50

|AuthorizeRemoteStart
>|100

|AuthorizeRemoteStop
>|200

|PushAuthenticationData
>|50

|PullAuthenticationData
>|6

|ChargeDetailRecord
>|350

|GetChargeDetailRecords
>|200

|ChargingNotifications
>|100

|PullEVSEPricing
>|280

|PullPricingProductData
>|300

|PushEVSEPricing
>|6

|PushPricingProductData
>|6

|===
